Subsection 3 
Equity risk sub-module 
Article 168 
General provisions 
1. The equity risk sub-module referred to in point (b) of the second subparagraph of Article 105(5) of Directive 
2009/138/EC shall include a risk sub-module for type 1 equities and a risk sub-module for type 2 equities. 
2. Type 1 equities shall comprise equities listed in regulated markets in the countries which are members of the 
European Economic Area (EEA) or the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). 
3. Type 2 equities shall comprise equities listed in stock exchanges in countries which are not members of the EEA or 
the OECD, equities which are not listed, commodities and other alternative investments. They shall also comprise all 
assets other than those covered in the interest rate risk sub-module, the property risk sub-module or the spread risk 
sub-module, including the assets and indirect exposures referred to in Article 84(1) and (2) where a look-through 
approach is not possible and the insurance or reinsurance undertaking does not make use of the provisions in 
Article 84(3). 
4. The capital requirement for equity risk shall be equal to the following: 
SCR_equity = sqrt((SCR_type1_equities)^2 +2\times.75\timesSCR_type1_equities\timesSCR_type2_equities + (SCR_type2_equities)^2)
where: 
(a) SCR_type1_equities denotes the capital requirement for type 1 equities; 
(b) SCR_type2_equities denotes the capital requirement for type 2 equities. 
5. The impact of the instantaneous decreases set out in Articles 169 and 170 on the value of participations as 
referred to in Article 92(2) of Directive 2009/138/EC in financial and credit institutions shall be considered only on the 
value of the participations that are not deducted from own funds pursuant to Article 68 of this Regulation. 
6. The following equities shall in any case be considered as type 1: 
(a) equities held within collective investment undertakings which are qualifying social entrepreneurship funds as referred 
to in Article 3(b) of Regulation (EU) No 346/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council where the 
look-through approach set out in Article 84 of this Regulation is possible for all exposures within the collective 
investment undertaking, or units or shares of those funds where the look through approach is not possible for all 
exposures within the collective investment undertaking; 
(b) equities held within collective investment undertakings which are qualifying venture capital funds as referred to in 
Article 3(b) of Regulation (EU) No 345/2013 where the look-through approach set out in Article 84 of this 
Regulation is possible for all exposures within the collective investment undertaking, or units or shares of those 
funds where the look through approach is not possible for all exposures within the collective investment 
undertaking; 
(c) as regards closed-ended and unleveraged alternative investment funds which are established in the Union or, if they 
are not established in the Union, which are marketed in the Union in accordance with Articles 35 or 40 of Directive 
2011/61/EU: 
(i) equities held within such funds where the look-through approach set out in Article 84 of this Regulation is 
possible for all exposures within the alternative investment fund; 
(ii) units or shares of such funds where the look-through approach is not possible for all exposures within the 
alternative investment fund.